yesterday I asked you can you shave my
quarantine neckbeard I gave you some
unflattering stills via Twitter and I'm
real curious to see how you got rid of
my neckbeard no mm-hmm no not what I
asked not at all what I asked this is
this is a flesh blanket oh you you got
rid of the neckbeard but inexplicably
turned me into a Karen why are the lips
so big I mean she's kind of hot though
definitely Hall Pass material Danny
Gonzales thank you thank you so much for
that can't have a neck beard without a
neck haha give it back no ok see this is
too much neck nobody wants this I look
like the thing ok so you got rid of my
neck beard but you turned me into one of
those idiot lockdown protesters this is
where all the Karen's are I'm sure you
didn't you didn't do it no I wish I were
bigger this is the beginning of that Tom
Hanks movie big the single tear is a
beautiful touch I just noticed the tweet
reads maybe next year buddy pelo put me
in the half-life 2 suit and it doesn't
hide the neckbeard not at all but damn I
look good yes ok I really I really like
this one but please please do not show
this picture to my wife coz this will
set an impossible standard this is a
very rare example where being a furry
works it hides the neckbeard but not the
shame ok you got rid of the neckbeard
but you didn't stop there yeah you gave
me makeup but you also like touched up
my beard which frankly looks much better
thank you
oh man why am i smiling in this how did
you make me smile I don't think I'd be
happy with the mustache like that
um can I send this as evidence you know
when you inevitably do something
horrible I can't look away I'm not sorry
I'm making you look absurd or wow so
much effort to make such a terrible pun
work I applaud it Oh see this is this is
just what Instagram chicks do I mean you
can barely tell cool now I'm like a wolf
man chicks dig that I'm sure some do ah
yeah now we're entering that uncanny
territory I don't like this one and I'm
trying to put into words why it gives
off a very ominous energy maybe it's cuz
I don't know what exactly I'm looking at
and I don't like that I don't know that
I mean the beards gone so hey Vsauce
nightmare here I really liked that you
didn't
Sabir at all you just made me bald when
I first saw this one online I literally
odd out loud and you know what it's
still too soon you this interesting
submission is from nerd city and I'm too
chicken to include it here without
censoring it so if you really want to
look at this one click the link in the
description below just hope you're ready
for a phallic time this one's rather
impressive I don't like it but I will
acknowledge its impressive
especially the Jacko mania type hey
remember that phase I don't know why
everyone got mad when I did this the
sound sounded better
whatever stay mad the bandana does cover
it up and I'm not gonna lie I look like
a bad boy hmm I don't know this might be
too sexy this guy gives a very strong
check out my podcast energy uh I mean
you did the thing but at what cost
pervious returns this would do the trick
Oh God why why would why would I do that
got a little Amish thing going not to
diss the Amish but dis ugly but not half
as ugly as this
I just noticed if you turn it upside
down it somehow looks worse ah that's
cute that's really cute and also the
reason I use electric razors oh this
one's clever shroud me in darkness that
will hide the neck beard ooh
took a little too much off the top but I
don't have a neck beard yeah put this
creature behind bars where it belongs
hora de monkey man not everyone should
have photoshop and finally this I do
like the color scheme I do but why does
it look like pubes gentle reminder that
the klondike plush is now on sale to get
yours go to Y dot store or click the
link in the description below oh I have
a question for you fill in the blank I
don't want to brag but blink leave your
answers
[Music]
yeah please subscribe for more we abou
beards also click right here see the
previous guy episode ah here's the clip
what should we name this little
troublemaker
another white back Carroll
baskin-robbins simp monger 69 420 no
this is Ellen DeGeneres clickbait bark
bait click bark vibe check ill creamy
boy